Electoral Politics Branch

Intro
The Radical’s strongman, Marcelo T. de Alvear, has returned from exile in Spain and put an end to the UCR’s electoral abstention. The constant state of unrest is giving prominence to the communist party and the fascist feel invigorated by Hitler and Mussolini's accomplishments in Europe. Argentina has a history of neutrality… but that could change soon.

Patriotic Fraud
The Radicals must not be allowed to return, even if it means tampering with the elections. We’ll use every trick in our power to ensure their aspirations are cut short.
Outlaw the Opposition
We can’t allow the opposition to undermine our government with further uprisings or by inciting the military to take up power. We’ll remove them from the picture all together. Those who don’t escape will join their comrades in prison.
Centralize Power
The bureaucracy of government is only slowing us down. In order to carry out our plans quickly and effectively we must have more control over both the legislative and judicial powers. 

Transparency
We may have resorted to questionable practices before, but now it's time to show our people that we respect Democracy. Let them decide who is best suited for leading our country.
Release Political Prisoners
Isla Martin Garcia and the Penal Colony on Ushuaia still hold many political prisoners from the revolts that occurred during 1933. If we release them, it’ll show the people our good will.
Coalition Government
As a further show of good will, we can accept the inclusion of representatives of the other parties in areas of government. 

Address the Nation
After dealing with the problems that plagued our political power base, it is time to address the people and share with them our vision for Argentina.

Class Struggle Branch

Intro
Clashes between the worker class and the corporations who employ them could paralyze the country if left alone. We may not be able to resolve the issue at its core, but we can perhaps alleviate it.

Meet with the Chairmen
We’ll summon the chairmen from the major corporations to a summit and hear them out. 
Corporate Law Reforms
After meeting with the chairmen we’ve come up with a few changes to our laws that might make them more inclined to negotiate better conditions with the workers.
Streamlined Procedures
Taking our reforms one step further, we can make it so starting and running a company in our country is much easier, saving time and cutting costs for the corporations. 
Corporate Supremacy
In the end, only one side can come up ahead in the class struggle. By prioritizing the corporations, we’ll ensure that more of them choose our country to do business, thus helping our industrialization efforts.

Meet with the Unions
We’ll summon the representatives from every major union to a summit and hear them out.
Labor Law Reforms
The Union Representatives had a slew of demands and while it’s unfeasible to give them everything they want; we can give a key number of them our formal support.
Cooperativism
Given the proper legal framework workers in our country can follow in the steps of the Pioneers of Rochdale and make their own co-operative companies to compete with the big corporations.
Worker Rights
Many companies are finding holes in our legislation and taking advantage of their employees. In order to ensure a better quality of life for every worker in the country we’ll draft a new body of law that’ll function as a bare minimum standard every corporation has to abide to.

Migration Policies Branch

Intro
People are a country’s most valuable resource. For half a century Argentina has been like a beacon, guiding migrants from everywhere in the world to its lands. Our population grows at rates unheard of for any other country in the continent. However, this can be both a blessing and a curse.

Internal Migration
Argentina is large but scarcely populated. Save for the major urban centers the vast majority of the countryside is still virgin territory.
Encourage Urban Migration
Spreading out our population only weakens our industrial efforts, forcing us to commit resources to accommodate small communities that will take decades to bear fruit. People should stick to the major cities, where they’ll be both happier and more productive.
Populate the Countryside
For decades our policy has been to encourage migrants to settle in the countryside. Overcrowding could negatively affect our cities in more ways than one. The Great Depression dented our agricultural industry but that doesn’t mean we should abandon it all together.
Cross-Border Migration
More than seven million immigrants have come to Argentina in the past century and though our country has benefited greatly from this, perhaps it’s time we rethink our policies.
Unrestricted
Why turn people away when we have room to spare? We must keep growing if we hope to become one of the big players in the world.
Regional Migration
Most of our neighbors share history, culture and language with us. Integrating them into our society should be easy. By making it simpler for them to move we’ll be getting more people to plow the fields and man the factories while keeping good relations with nearby countries.
Intercontinental Migration
Argentina has its roots in Europe and while we had to fight the old continent for our freedom it doesn’t mean we shouldn’t welcome its people (as long as they leave their colonialist ideas behind). The more the merrier and if some of them provide our industry with skilled labor, even better.
Safe Heaven Initiative
Not every migrant leaves his home in search of greener grass or a new beginning. Some are forced, through violence or fear, it doesn’t matter. Argentina might have a history of political unrest, but is nonetheless a peaceful country. Welcoming refugees will tax us… but never break us. If anything, it can only make us stronger in the long run.

Restricted
Yes, we have room to spare. No, we shouldn’t hand a piece of land to every person who crosses our border. It’s time to start vetting those who wish to enter our country.
Closer Borders
To govern is to populate, but only when you do it with civilized people. Filling our country with the rejects of other continents has only corrupted and poisoned it. These are brutish people from the corners of the uncivilized world. Where are the skilled craftsmen we sought? The thinkers and inventors? The open borders policy has failed us. Argentina will no longer be the trashcan of the world.
Directive 11
Preventing the undesirables from entering our country is not enough, especially with so many of them already within our borders, leeching from our economy and making us all less for it. They must be removed. One way or another.

Education Branch

Intro
Argentina has one of the highest literacy rates in the world. Our schools and universities have managed to keep up as our population grows, but in order for this to continue we’ll have to allocate the proper resources where they are needed the most.

Public Education
We’ll guarantee every child and teen access to public funded schools where they’ll be able to learn the basics needed for every citizen.
Scholarship Program
This program will grant the best students in our schools access to even higher education, giving them the chance to become specialist and us the skilled labor we are so desperate for.
Education Policies
It’s not just about educating. It’s also about how and what our institutions teach.
Cultural Diversity
Our country is a melting pot of cultures, we should respect the roots of every student and ensure that they don’t forget where they come from.
Cultural Homogenization
There’s one culture that matters: Ours. If we want a united country we must make sure every child thinks, talks and feels Argentinian.
New Educational Scheme
It’s time we revise what we are teaching our children.
Controlled Content
We’ll dictate exactly what contents the students are taught, making sure they don’t raise questions about things better left alone.
Standardized Content
We’ll give institutions a basic program to follow and let teachers add any other contents they see fit.
Mixed Institutions
Institutions like the Church have always had a hand in our country’s education. We could encourage the creation of many more schools for a fraction of what it takes to run an entirely public funded institution.
Private Education
Private Schools are expensive, but provide better education at no cost for the State. Some may argue that it segregates our children and we’ll have no way to control what is taught in their classrooms; it’s for us to decide if the benefits outweigh the risks.

Economic Policies

Intro
The Great Depression affected us more than most. Now that our trade partners have switched to protectionist economies we must also change how we do business or we’ll never stop our economy from contracting.

Denounce Runciman Pact
The Roca-Runciman pact was signed in order to ensure our trade with the British held strong after the Great Depression, yet the kneejerk reaction harmed our economy more than helped it. Crippling limits were imposed on our meat exports while Britain interests were granted unfair privileges that have hampered local industries, giving them a monopoly of the market.
The Eden-Malbran Pact
They British are proposing a new agreement and while it’s not particularly great (some may argue it’s worse in certain aspects) there’s no guarantee that we’ll find better offers elsewhere. Still, there are other benefits from keeping healthy trade relations with them.
Limited Exports
Big trade agreements aren’t always needed to place our produce in the international market. While not as profitable, we can always find smaller partners to trade with.
Prioritize Domestic Market
If the world won’t take our produce, then that just means we’ll have to save it for ourselves. It’ll only further our goals of becoming a properly industrialized country.
Seek New Markets
The British Commonwealth aren’t the only hungry people in the world. There’s no harm in seeking out other trade partners.
Press for Better Terms
We know that the British need our produce. Perhaps we can squeeze better terms from them.
Granary of the World
Our agricultural model has survived. The Great Depression was but a hiccup. We’ll feed the world and feed from the world in exchange.

Revitalize our Industry
We need to breath in new air into our industry if we want it to survive the effects of the Great Depression.
State Funded Companies
The traditionalist may frown upon direct state intervention in the economy but we won’t sit around as our industry dwindles.
Develop the Civilian Sector
We’ll pour funds in the civilian sector and ensure production in key areas remains stable, or, better yet, reaches new heights.
YPF
Yacimientos Petrolíferos Federales was created in 1922 and became the first entirely state-run oil company in the world, making us pioneers in this area. Now it’s more than a decade later and we still have a long way to go on the road to self-sufficiency. Plans have been drawn up for a new building where we’ll be able to centralize the company’s administration and ensure it runs as smoothly as possible.
Develop the Military Sector
Depending on other countries to arm ourselves puts us in a weak position, it’s time to change this.
Fabricaciones Militares
Coronel Manuel Savio, one of the best engineers in our Army, has brought forth a project to build up our heavy industry. Fabricaciones Militares will focus on producing equipment for our armed forces while also satisfying the demand for chemical products in the civilian sector. This will help us become more self-sufficient and ease some of the pressure on our budget.

Private Sector Companies
Abandoning the private sector to its own luck would be a mistake. Not only would we lose industrial capacity but also foment unemployment. We must find a way to bring them afloat once more.
Tax Incentives
The easiest way to help the private sector is to make it cheaper for them to operate. It’ll cost us, but we’ll reap the benefits in the long term.
Foreign Investments
Argentina is a land of opportunity and foreign companies know this. If we make it cheaper for them to establish here, they will be more inclined to choose us over other developing countries.
National Industry
Giving a hand to local enterprisers will make it so we won’t be held hostage by the mood changes of foreigners and their imperialistic policies.
Imports Substitution
As countries become more and more protective of their own economies and trade dries up, we are becoming hard pressed in acquiring some manufactured products at reasonable prices. We must find a solution before it becomes a crippling problem.
Synthetic Materials
Our industry can build substitutes for pretty much anything, but only if it has the materials required. Even in a country as large as ours, there are things we simply do not have. Our chemist will find ways to replace these.
Synthetic Industry
Laboratory experiments have proven successful. Now we can apply what we learned into large scale production, giving birth to a whole new type of industry.

Social Welfare
Citizens have become more demanding in regards to how we spend the money they pay in taxes. While it could prove detrimental to other areas of government, we could also benefit from this as it’ll both raise our popularity and unite us as a people.
Public Health
Health Care can be cripplingly expensive, especially for families with lower incomes. Our government can assume the responsibility of building and equipping public hospitals where people can get diagnosed and treated.
Limited Coverage
Costs don’t change, regardless of who’s paying (though everyone seems to want to charge extra now that we are). We’ll only guarantee access to basic health care.
Extensive Coverage
We can’t put a price to our citizens’ health (though others seem to have no problem with it). Our hospitals will treat all ails.
Vaccination Campaign
Now that we have the framework for our public health system, we can use it to ensure our population is vaccinated against the most dangerous bugs out there. 
Housing Plans
Our country has seen unprecedented growth in the last decades and with that has come a higher demand for housing to accommodate these new families.
Mortgage Loans
We’ll create a new line of credit with low interest rates that will give lower income families the ability to afford their own house.
Constitutional Right
We’ll take all necessary legislative and administrative measures needed to ensure our citizens access to affordable, habitable and safe housing.

Public Works Branch

Intro
Argentina’s size makes infrastructure works both costly and time consuming. President Justo started a wide campaign trying to address this yet it had a limited scope. We’ll pour resources into Justo’s plan and expand it to the entire country.
National Board of Roads
The board was created back in 1932 and has been leaded by Justiniano Allende Posse ever since. He has proven to be a capable man. If someone knows how to expedite our infrastructure efforts, it’s him.
The Posse Tax
Posse’s has come up with a simple and effective plan. A two cent tax per liter of petrol will finance a new network of roads spanning our entire country.
Regions I, II and III
This phase of the plan will cover the northern regions of our country, most of which have been historically neglected.
Regions IV, V and VI
This phase of the plan will cover the center regions of our country. While these have seen the most development in recent years, roads have become overcrowded with new traffic given the increase in industrial activity.
Regions VII and VIII
This phase of the plan will cover the southern regions of our country. The Patagonia has proven to be rich in resources but many sites are virtually inaccessible. New roads and ports will solve this.

Expand Mining Operations
Prospectors have found valuable resources all around the country but they are no good to us if they stay underground. There are also mining operations which we could expand to increase their yield.
Comodoro Rivadavia
The black pearl of the south. Comodoro Rivadavia has become our largest source of petrol. New wells and refineries will get us closer to self-sufficiency.
San Carlos
The area around San Carlos has proven to be rich in many types of minerals. Silver, lead and gold have been found there, as well as minor quantities of chrome. While it could outweigh the costs, until we find a better source, it may be worthwhile to extract it.
Sierra Grande
If prospectors are to be believed, Sierra Grande could be the solution to our shortage of iron. Extraction could be expensive but our industry hungers for steel so it’s worth considering.
Cerro Aspero
The Cerro Aspero mines have been in operation for more than forty years and are our best source of tungsten. If we are to develop our military industry, this metal will be a key part of it. With proper funding, we could crank up production considerably.
San Juan
The area around San Juan is rich in calcareous deposits and other materials used in construction. Though these aren’t particularly valuable as trade resources, they’d aid in our efforts to rapidly increase our industry and infrastructure.

Industrial Zoning
We can make it easier for industries to establish themselves if we provide ready able areas with access to good roads and services.
Buenos Aires
Buenos Aires is the most developed area in our country and usually the first choice for new companies to settle given its access to ports and qualified labor. Yet there’s still plenty of room to grow.
Rosario
The City of Rosario has been growing at a steady pace and become a hub for materials moving from the northern part of the country towards the industrial complexes near the capital. Companies settling here will have an easy time getting anything they need to function.
Cordoba
Cordoba is perhaps the second most industrialized area in the country, densely populated and with access to skilled labor due to the Cordoba University. While far from the ports, the city is at the heart of our infrastructure network, making it easy for companies to move their goods.
Mendoza
The city of Mendoza rest atop the highlands of the Andes and is our biggest urban center near the border with Chile. While far from the main industrial hubs, it’s close to many areas rich in minerals. Companies settling here will have an easy time selling their products to our neighbor or moving them elsewhere through his ports.
Bahia Blanca
Bahia Blanca sits at the southern tip of Buenos Aires near what could practically be called the edge of industrialized Argentina. Resources moving from the south pass through it, either by land or sea. Its large port will also ensure any company settling here has an easy time moving their products in and out of the country.

Military Projects
Members of the armed forces have approached us with projects regarding our military industry and installations. While not initially in our goals, we could expand our budget to include them.

Rio Santiago Dockyard
We can’t keep depending on other countries to provide for our navy. This is both expensive and dangerous as it makes us dependent on them. Rio Santiago is a perfect place for a dockyard and the first step towards our naval engineering industry.
Puerto Belgrano Naval Base
Puerto Belgrano has the perfect natural features for a naval base, further yet, dry docks and dockyards could be easily added to the already existing installations with minor expenditures.
Villa Maria MC
Coronel Savio has proposed we expand Fabricaciones Militares by building a new military complex on Villa Maria. These new factories will focus on gunpowder and explosives.
Rio Tercero MC
Coronel Savio has proposed we expand Fabricaciones Militares by building a new military complex on Rio Tercero. These new factories will focus on chemicals and metalwork.
Aerotechnical Institute
Even though our country has limited air production capabilities we have moved from building licensed models only to building our own designs in just a few years. With proper funding, we could renovate our aircraft factories and boost production.
Palomar Military College
Another of President Justo’s projects. The Palomar Military College has been in construction for more than three decades, suffering many setbacks due to the country’s unstable political and economic conditions. We could finish construction in a short time, given the right budget that is.

Ministry of War

Intro
The Argentinian Army is facing turbulent times. A series of military coups in recent years have undermined its popularity and some members of the general staff have shown dangerous admiration for the fascist ideals brewing in Europe. We can’t allow this continue if we want our forces to be ready to act when we need them.

R&D Department
An army isn’t just the soldiers and officers, it’s also the scientist and engineers who make sure they have the proper tools to face the enemy.
Officer School
The Palomar Military College has provided us with the perfect facilities to train a new breed of officers. Ones that will know how to get the most out of our men and equipment.
Material Innovations
Wars may never change, but the weapons used in them do. Each conflict brings new ones to the battlefield. Those who don’t adapt pay the price for their negligence.
The Great War
Perhaps the most devastating conflict in human history, the war to end all wars cost the lives of more than seventeen million people in the short span of four years. It redefined combat as we know it but most of all showed us the foolishness of remaining rooted in old beliefs and tactics.
The Chaco Boreal War
We may have not fought on the Chaco War but we were close enough to learn from it. Three years, four generals and more than sixty thousand men lost, Bolivia has shown us that numbers don’t win wars. Preparation, training, mobility, these are the new keys for victory on the battlefield.
The Spanish Civil War
A civil war is one of the worst things that can happen to a country. More so if outside powers use the opportunity to push their own agendas at the cost of civilian lives. While tragic, the Spanish War showed the value of air support and naval blockades.
The Blitzkrieg
Diametrically opposed to the Great War doctrines, the Blitzkrieg seeks to overwhelm enemies with speed and envelopment maneuvers while relying heavily on air support to weaken enemy defenses. The use of radios to keep all forces coordinated is key for this to succeed.
Modern Warfare
War is now a refined process, combining not only actions on the field but also political and industrial efforts, specialized forces, covert operations and combined arms divisions that would offend the arm chair generals of old. 
Artillery Support
Artillery was the deadliest weapon of the Great War and its use for both defense and offense makes it vital for armies around the globe. Improvements in range and payload are among our first ideas.
Mortars and Machineguns
Mortars may be crude but any soldier with a lick of experience knows the value of being able to carry fire support in your backpack. Machineguns give a pair of soldiers the firepower of a platoon. We already have some ideas about how to improve reliability on the field and ease of carry.
Infantry Motorization
Getting our men on a truck so they can move faster isn’t really innovation. Making it so their trucks don’t get stuck on the first dirt mound or break down before reaching their objective is what we should really focus on.
Supplies and Logistics
The more men and equipment we put on the field the more we need to worry about being able to sustain them. Food, ammo, fuel, replacements parts, everything to keep our forces going at peak efficiency. We’ll work on an overall system that ensures our troops get everything they need when and where they need it.
Close Air Support
While not particularly a new concept, better designs and armaments have shown air support for troops on the ground can be a decisive factor, especially when the enemy has no way to counter it. Our engineers are eager to try out their ideas, as soon as they find new test pilots that is.
Armor Support
Our concept of tanks has changed much in the past decade. Newer models aren’t slow lumbering behemoths with multiple cannons but agile moving fortresses which can overwhelm enemy positions and move past them before they have a chance to react. 
Battlefield Communications
The old battlefield telegraph is a thing of the past. With the new focus on mobility comes a higher need for coordination between forces. This is where radio comes in. Precise artillery strikes, air support literally ‘on the fly’, coordinating tank columns across a raging battlefield, radio allows us to wring out the best out of our forces and helps them stay on the initiative.
Army Mechanization
A step above from simple motorization, mechanization improves our men’s survivability while on the field by replacing trucks with light armored vehicles that can protect them and provide limited fire support with little loss to their deployment speed.
Modern Designs
It’s possible that every generation wonders at what they have accomplished during their time but it’s hard to see anything that could compare to the advancements we have witnessed in just a few years’ span. It’s a shame most of them have been in better ways to kill each other.
New Generation Equipment
Devices that can detect enemy planes before they enter our skies. Planes that can fly so high no anti-air cannon can reach them, or so fast no conventional aircraft can catch up. Goggles that allow you to see in the dark. Rocketry. Nuclear fission. It’s hard not to be awed by what man can do. Awed… and scared.

Army Ethos
Questions have been risen about the true purpose of our armed forces. While some see them as little more than hired muscle for politicians, others think they are a safeguard against despots and anarchists. It’s due time we summon the joint staff and settle the matter for good.
National Defense
Argentina has nor wants enemies. Our army will serve the purpose of deterrence, making any possible aggressors think twice before trying to coerce us.
Ideological Paragons
Our army represents the best our country has to offer. Dedication, honor, loyalty, all qualities our citizens should aspire to.
Political Abstention
If we want other countries to respect us we can’t allow the army to keep meddling in our internal politics. Every step to prevent this must be taken, even replacing the joint staff should they resist.
Political Interference
Government can’t be subjected to the whims of politicians that come and go every couple years, always wanting to scrap what the last person in office did and start anew. Our army will function as the country’s center, making sure we don’t stray from our destined path.
Fortress Argentina
The Andes and the Atlantic Ocean make for formidable defenses yet we can’t rely solely on nature to keep ourselves safe. Our country is too large for something like the French Maginot Line however, meaning we’ll have to focus on protecting key locations and drill our forces so they can make the best out of them.
Mission Statement
The Chief Staff have agreed that in order to reinvigorate both confidence and interest in the armed forces they’ll draft a new mission statement and present it to the nation during a grand parade featuring the best our military has to offer.
Warranted Interventions
How can we sit idly while our neighbors are corrupted by misguided ideals or imperialistic influences? Our responsibility it’s not just to our country, but to our way of thinking. Remaining indifferent while our enemies surround us is both unwise and unsightly. Our Army stands ready to defend what we stand for, at home or abroad.

Ministry of Navy

Intro
In 1872 president Sarmiento passed the Naval Equipment Acquisition Law, seeking to bolster our navy. While Sarmiento’s fleet became obsolete at the turn of the century, new units have been acquired to ensure we remain a major power in the South Atlantic. With most of our trade depending on sea lanes and many of our major cities sitting on the Atlantic’s shores, keeping a strong navy is vital to our survival.

Naval Military School
President Alvear founded the school back in 1924, inaugurating the central complex in 1928. Tens of thousands of applicants sign up every year. If we want to maintain the excellence of this institution, we should expand its installations and budget.
Naval Engineering School
Now that we have our own dockyards we must recruit and train the men who will design and build our country’s ships. No longer will we have to depend exclusively on foreign powers to provide for our fleets. Perhaps, given time, they’ll buy from us instead.
Naval Command Corp
Sea warfare is changing, so must our officers. This new building will be dedicated to training a new generation, one which will be able to get the most out of our navies.
Naval Aviation Corp
Airplanes have risen to prominence in all branches of our armed forces but perhaps it’s in the sea where they excel the most. Argentina’s navy is a late bloomer and we’ll be hard pressed to match some of the better equipped countries in the world. However, if a fifty-thousand-dollar plane with a torpedo can sink a hundred-million-dollar ship, we might not need to.
Marine Command Corp
The Argentinian Marines have its roots in the Spanish Navy of old. While they haven’t had many opportunities to shine in our history, Captain Bouchard showed us the value of landing forces, especially when they are used cleverly. 
Destroyer Designs
Our engineers have learnt much from the Catamarca class destroyers we bought from the English, but it’s the Cervantes units we acquired from the Spaniards that truly inspired them.
Submarine Designs
Argentina’s experience with submarines is limited. Our first units were built in Taranto by the Italians and delivered only a few years ago. Captain Poch, the man in charge of our submarine fleet, has told us that the Cavallinis, called Tarantinos by our men, have performed remarkably well and has requested more units. We could buy more from the Italians… or build our own.
Cruiser Designs
The smaller version of the “Trentos” we bought from the Italians a few years ago have been great additions to the fleet. While not perfect, suffering from an overabundance of armaments for ships of their class, our engineers are on the right path to provide us with improved units that will be able to give their bigger cousins a run for their money.
Battleship Designs
The two dreadnaught class battleships we bought from the Americans in 1914 were impressive units for their time but advances in naval engineering are shortening their life span. Our experts have already upgraded several systems on these ships but they are eager to work on something completely new.
Power Projection
Our theorists have put forth a worrying question: What if the future of naval warfare isn’t in larger vessels and guns? The idea of a ship that functions as a moving airfield is not new, yet improvements in aeronautics have shown that these ships could have overwhelming advantages in range and flexibility when compared to conventional units.

Foreign Policy

Intro
Argentina joined the League of Nations in 1933 and is considered by many as a regional power. While our word is not even close to carrying the same weight than that of nations like the United States or the older European countries, little happens in South America without us at least having a say in it.

Territorial Claims
Argentina has several territorial disputes with neighboring countries dating back to the first years of its independence. These mainly involve territories from the Viceroyalty of the Rio de la Plata which were initially attributed to our nascent country yet later lost due to biased arbitrary rulings, illegal occupation or poor negotiations on our side.
The Hayes Arbitration
In 1878, after the Paraguayan War, Argentina and Paraguay asked the American president, Rutherford Hayes, to settle their dispute over territories on the Chaco Boreal region. His ruling was completely one sided, giving Paraguay absolute control of the lands and disregarding our right to them born from being on the victorious side and the pacts signed by the Triple Alliance before the war.
The Cleveland Arbitration
The eastern lands of Misiones have been a matter of dispute since colonial times. A new treaty was signed in 1890 but the Brazilian congress rejected it. In 1895, having been forced to submit the matter to American arbitrage, President Stephen Cleveland ruled completely in favor of the Brazilians, which was to be expected given their political alliance.
Rio de la Plata Estuary
When Argentina recognized Uruguay as independent state in 1828 there were no clarifications as to which were the boundaries between our countries on the Rio de la Plata Estuary. It is now more than a hundred years later and the matter has yet to be settled. Control of these waters is both profitable and vital for our defense, we should not surrender it lightly.
The Tarija Matter
Simon Bolivar himself recognized the Argentinian claims and handed over the lands in dispute in 1885.  Bolivia, however, opted to annex Tarija.  A treaty was signed in 1889 in which we implicitly resigned our rights in exchange for lands on the Atacama Puna, lands the Bolivians didn’t even control as they had lost them during their war with Chile. Tarija remains historically and rightfully Argentinian.
Chilean Encroachment
In 1881 we agreed with Chile that our borders on the Andres follow the imaginary line set by the highest peaks and watersheds. Only later did we find out these two don’t always coincide. In 1902, both countries agreed to submit disputes that can’t be settled directly to outside arbitrage yet Chile keeps encroaching on our lands, even pretending to block us from the Beagle Canal waters.
Malvinas
Argentina inherited control over the Malvinas from Spain when it gained its independence in 1816. The British, however, forcefully evicted the local population on 1833. Britain is confident we won’t dare push the issue to its ultimate consequences but the fight against colonialism is a unifying cause for our people and every country that suffered subjugation under European powers.

Embrace the Lamas Doctrine
“Meditate, then, and convince yourselves that peace is an invaluable good; that it’s indispensable to uphold it so as to give all men a greater quality of life, as they move into the shadow.” We will follow Lamas’ guidance and nurture neutrality and self-determination. Even if it means we have to stand in the middle while giants clash around us.
Neutrality
It is not our place to delve into the affairs of other countries, and much less is in our interest to become involved in their conflicts. We’ll talk and trade with everyone, as long as they leave their problems outside our borders.
Isolation
We’ll cut ties with everyone who pretends to tell us what to do. If the world insists in trying to plunge us into its problems, then we have no choice but to ignore it. We’ll prove them that our country is capable of self-sufficiency. From now on, Argentinians will only worry about Argentina.

Reject Lamas Doctrine
The world is ruled by imperialists whose only objective is to keep upcoming countries. How can we uphold neutrality and self-determination when foreign powers are constantly working behind curtains against us?  Manufacturing coups, choking our economies, imposing one-sided limits to our armies and navies, all because they have power and all so we don’t. 
Reject Pax Americana
The Monroe Doctrine has been a joke ever since it’s conception. Where were the Americans in 1833 when the British invaded Malvinas? No, this doctrine is just a tool. They show an open friendly hand but hide the big stick of imperialism behind their back with the other.
Define Sphere of Interest
We must let the world know South America is off limits. We will no longer tolerate their interference neither allow it on our neighbors. We will take onto us the responsibility of upholding peace in this region, whatever costs and whichever the means.
Patria Grande
Manuel Ugarte popularized the concept in 1922 with his book, yet the idea dates back to the days of Jose de San Martin and Simon Bolivar. The project for unification was drafted yet never signed as there wasn’t a political will behind it. The idea remains however. While it’s hard to conceive such a feat, a united Hispano America, a true Patria Grande could change the world as we know it.
Interventionism
Our ideals aren’t just the ideals of the Argentinian people, they are the ideal of every upright and just person in this world. We cannot allow their corruption, not at home nor abroad. We’ll protect them wherever they are threatened.
Regional Integration
Our work until now has laid the groundwork for true regional integration with our neighbors. It is now up to them to decide where their future lays.
